docs(image): improve error message when `sharp` is missing in standalone mode (#41133)
vercel/next.js: errors/sharp-missing-in-production.md

#### Why This Error Occurred

The `next/image` component's default loader uses [`squoosh`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@squoosh/lib) because it is quick to install and suitable for a development environment.

- For a production environment using `next start`, it is strongly recommended you install [`sharp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sharp).

You are seeing this error because Image Optimization in production mode (`next start`) was detected.

- For a production environment using `output: "standalone"`, you must install [`sharp`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sharp).

You are seeing this error because Image Optimization in standalone mode (`output: "standalone"`) was detected.

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

- Install `sharp` by running one of the following commands in your project directory:

```bash
npm i sharp
```

```bash
yarn add sharp
```

```bash
pnpm add sharp
```

> Then, reboot the server by running `next start` again, or if you have `output: "standalone"` enabled, rebuild your project with `next build` and reboot the server with `node server.js`.

Reviewer: I actually think we should recommend `next build` either way since we generate blur placeholders at build time.

```suggestion
Then, build your project with `next build`. Finally, restart the server with either `next start` for production mode or `node server.js` for standalone mode.
```

> - If `sharp` is already installed but can't be resolved, set the `NEXT_SHARP_PATH` environment variable such as `NEXT_SHARP_PATH=/tmp/node_modules/sharp next start`

Reviewer: This line is using `next start` but should probably show the variant for `node server.js`. Or maybe we should just use `export NEXT_SHARP_PATH=""` as a separate line so its set for both build and start.
